Add release notes page (#252)
x-govuk/govuk-prototype-components: docs/release-notes.md

---
layout: sub-navigation
order: 1
title: Release notes
---

This page documents the changes in major and minor releases, including upgrade notes. See [release notes on GitHub](https://github.com/x-govuk/govuk-prototype-components/releases) for full details of patch releases.

> Contents

Reviewer: You can use the following Markdown to generate this automatically:

```suggestion
[[toc]]
```

* Removes the negative top margin of the [Masthead component](/masthead/). Instead, follow instructions on the Masthead component page to remove the blue border from the bottom of the GOV.UK header using a custom class.
* Removes the `x-govuk-masthead--large` variant of the Masthead - this class can now be removed.
* Removes the negative top margin from the [Primary navigation component](/primary-navigation/). Instead, follow the instructions on the Primary navigation component to remove the bottom border from either the phase banner or to make the blue order at the bottom of the GOV.UK Header full width.
* Updates to use version 5.0 of GOV.UK Frontend

### New features

* Adds the [secondary navigation component](/secondary-navigation/)

## Version 2.2

December 2023

* Updates minimum Node.js requirement to version 18 or above
* Updates minimum GOV.UK Prototype Kit version to 13.15
* Other dependency updates

## Version 2.1

November 2023

* Removes horizontal padding within [primary navigation](/primary-navigation)
* Increases height of the [primary navigation](/primary-navigation)
* Adds support for Node.js version 20

## Version 2.0

March 2023

### Breaking changes

> * Removes the task list component as this is being added to the GOV.UK Design system
> * Removes the summary card component as this is being added to the GOV.UK Design system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removes the task list component as this has been added to the GOV.UK Design system
* Removes the summary card component as this has been added to the GOV.UK Design system
```
